- [x] Integer to English Words

  - ```java
    if (num == 0)
          return "Zero";
    
    String result = "";
    !result.isEmpty();
    
    public String one(int num) {
      switch(num) {
        case 1: return "One";
        case 2: return "Two";
        case 3: return "Three";
        case 4: return "Four";
        case 5: return "Five";
        case 6: return "Six";
        case 7: return "Seven";
        case 8: return "Eight";
        case 9: return "Nine";
      }
      return "";
    }  
    
    public String three(int num) {
      int hundred = num / 100;
      int rest = num - hundred * 100;
      String res = "";
      if (hundred*rest != 0)
        res = one(hundred) + " Hundred " + two(rest);
      else if ((hundred == 0) && (rest != 0))
        res = two(rest);
      else if ((hundred != 0) && (rest == 0))
        res = one(hundred) + " Hundred";
      return res;
    }
    ```

- [x] Surrounded Regions

  - DFS: 
    - clarify task as **within** or **before** the invocation of the function
      - Rather than doing the boundary check within the `DFS()` function, we do it ***before*** the invocation of the function.*This measure reduces the number of recursion, therefore it reduces the overheads with the function calls.*
      - check and mark `board[r][c]` winthin and at the beginning of dfs function
    - Converting outter islands is enough, no need to dfs for inner islands
    - Rather than using a sort of `visited[cell_index]` map to keep track of the visited cells, we simply mark visited cell ***in place***.
  - BFS
    - poll
    - check
    - mark
    - get neighbors

- [x] LRU Cache

  - One advantage of *double* linked list is that ***the node can remove itself without other reference***. In addition, it takes constant time to add and remove nodes from the head or tail.
  - One particularity about the double linked list implemented here is that there are ***pseudo head*** and ***pseudo tail*** to mark the boundary, so that we don't need to check the `null` node during the update.
  - Map: key=>node
    - Reduce time complexity of linkedlist traversal introduced by node search

- [x] Clone Graph

  - BFS: 
    - The while loop won't go on endlessly if visited nodes are not added to the queue again
  - DFS:
    - The recursion won't go on endlessly if recursion stops when visited nodes are encountered
    - it's important to ***create a copy of the node and add to the hash map before entering recursion***. In the absence of such an ordering, we would be caught in the recursion because on encountering the node again in somewhere down the recursion again, we will be traversing it again thus getting into cycles.
    - Now make the recursive call for the neighbors of the `node`. Pay attention to how many recursion calls we will be making for any given `node`. For a given `node` the number of recursive calls would be equal to the number of its neighbors. Each recursive call made would return the clone of a neighbor. We will prepare the list of these clones returned and put into neighbors of clone `node` which we had created earlier. This way we will have cloned the given `node` and it's `neighbors`.
    - ***Tip: Recursion could get a bit cumbersome to grasp, if you try to get into every call yourself and try to see what's happening. And why look at every call when every call does the same thing with different inputs. So, you just worry about ONE such call and let the recursion do the rest. And of course always handle the base case or the termination condition of the recursion. Otherwise how would it end?***

- [x] Longest Common Prefix

- [x] Reorder List

  - ```java
      public void reorderList(ListNode head) {
          if (head == null || head.next == null) {
                return;
          }
          
          // Find the middle node
          // len(first) == len(second) or len(first) + 1 == len(second)
          ListNode fast = head, slow = head, mid = null;
          while (fast != null && fast.next != null) {
              fast = fast.next.next;
              mid = slow;
              slow = slow.next;
          }
          mid.next = null;
          
          // Reverse second half
          ListNode prev = null, curr = slow, tmp = null;
          while (curr != null) {
              tmp = curr.next;
              curr.next = prev;
              prev = curr;
              curr = tmp;
          }
          
          // Compose new list
          ListNode ans = head;
          ListNode first = head, second = prev;
          ListNode last = null;
          while (first != null) {
              curr = first;
              if (last == null) {
                  last = curr;
              } else {
                  last.next = curr;
                  last = last.next;
              }
              first = first.next;
              
              curr = second;
              last.next = curr;
              last = last.next;
              second = second.next;
          }
          last.next = second;
      }
    ```

  - Memorize above three parts

- [x] Valid Parentheses

  - If you look at the above structure carefully, the color coded cells mark the opening and closing pairs of parenthesis. ***The entire expression is valid, but sub portions of it are also valid in themselves.*** This lends ***a sort of a recursive structure*** to the problem. For e.g. Consider the expression enclosed within the two green parenthesis in the diagram above. The opening bracket at index `1` and the corresponding closing bracket at index `6`.
  - The stack data structure can come in handy here in representing this recursive structure of the problem. ***We can't really process this from the inside out because we don't have an idea about the overall structure. But, the stack can help us process this recursively i.e. from outside to inwards.***

- [x] Shortest Distance from All Buildings

  - Visited set + queue
  - level order traversal

- [x] Design Circular Queue

  - The procedure to design a data structure lies essentially on how we design the *attributes* within the data structure.

    One of the traits of a good design is to have as less attributes as possible, which arguably could bring several benefits.

    - Less attributes usually implies little or no redundancy among the attributes.
    - The less redundant the attributes are, the simpler the manipulation logic, which eventually could be less error-prone.
    - Less attributes also requires less space and therefore it could also bring efficiency to the runtime performance.

    *However, it is not advisable to seek for the minimum set of attributes.* Sometimes, ***a bit of redundancy could help with the time complexity***. After all, like many other problems, we are trying to strike a balance between the space and the time.

  - Thread-safe implementation

  - ```java
    private ReentrantLock queueLock = new ReentrantLock();
    queueLock.lock();
    try {
    
    } finally {
      queueLock.unlock();
    }
    ```

- [ ] 

- [x] Lowest Common Ancestor of a Binary Tree

  - A generation of search for one node
  - The termination condition of recursion on binary tree is `root == null` or `root.val == target`
  - If you can find two nodes seperately in two sub-trees, they are bound to be different.
  - The algorithm is essentially a traversal. You can keep track of some attributes during the process of traverse. The return value of recursive function should be the information desired from sub-trees.

- [x] Number of Islands

  - Mark `grid[i][j] = '0'` before enqueue, otherwise the same position might enqueue repeatedly.

- [x]  Diagonal Traverse

  - First think about a stripped down, simpler version: print out the content of matrix, one diagonal after another
  - Simulation: understand the walking pattern inside the array
  - Traverse:
    - Start point
    - Direction 
    - step

- [x] Flatten Nested List Iterator 

  - Recursively flatten the list at the beginning in initialize function

    - Recursion: use side effect or return value

  - Recursion to Stack

    - ```python
      define function iterativeDepthFirstSearch(nestedList):
          result = []
      
          stack = a new Stack
          push all items in nestedList onto stack, in reverse order
      
          while stack is not empty:
              nestedInteger = pop top of stack
              if nestedInteger.isInteger():
                  append nestedInteger.getInteger() to result
              else:
                  list = nestedInteger.getList()
                  push all items in list onto stack, in reverse order
      
          return result
      ```

    - 

- [x] Peeking Iterator

  - `import java.util.NoSuchElementException;`
  - Note that in the Java code, we need to be careful not to cause an exception to be thrown from the *constructor*, in the case that the `Iterator` was empty at the start. We can do this by checking it has a next, and if it doesn't, then we set the next variable to `null`.
  - There is one case where this does not work, and that's if the underlying `Iterator` might ***return `null`/ `None` from `.next(...)` as an actual value***. If our code is ***using `null` to represent an exhausted `Iterator`***, or to represent that we don't currently have a peeked value stored away (as in Approach 1), then the conditionals in `PeekingIterator` will not behave as expected on these values coming out of the underlying `Iterator`.

- [x] Binary Search Tree Iterator

  - Controlled Recursion => use stack to pause and resume recursion at will
  - For the root of our BST, this leftmost node would be the smallest node in the tree. Rest of the nodes are added to the stack because they are pending processing
  - The invariant that will be maintained in this algorithm is that ***the stack top always contains the element to be returned for the `next()` function call***. 
    - Same as nested list puzzle
  - Initially, given the root node of the BST, we call the function `_inorder_left` and that ensures our invariant holds

- [x] Product of Array Except Self
